---
layout: post
title: "[New Launch] math.animations.fossee.in"
categories: fossee
---

## Update on the FOSSEE Animations Project
After receiving feedback from numerous students and profs, we realized that it was about time to change the format for contribution on animations.fossee.in. After much discussion, we started working on the creation of [math.animations.fossee.in](http://math.animations.fossee.in), more on this below:


### Previous Contribution format [animations.fossee.in]
Earlier the contribution cycle involved the submission of a single animation video/visualization along with the description. The problem with this was that the visualization was the primary focus, and the description was not given due importance. Overall, the mentors had to give repeated feedback, and there had to be multiple revisions for the visualization from the contributor. Seggeregating the contribution was also an issue. All these issues were taken into consideration while desiging the new format

### New Contribution format [[math.animations.fossee.in](http://math.animations.fossee.in)]
The new contribution format is based on internships. These _remote internships_ are in-turn, based on specific topics (for instance Real Analysis, Vector Analysis, and so on). The process is much more streamlined. Every couple of months, we will start an internship for a topic and select 5-10 students based on their responses to the preliminary test questions. And instead of submmitting just a single video, the contributors (read interns) are now expected to submit lecture notes with visualizations being complimetary to the notes. With 10-15sec video it's easier for the mentor to give feedback and at the same time, it's easier for the contributor to make changes. 

Once the lecure notes are complete and the mentor agrees with the submission, the notes will be verified by a professor at IIT-B.

The internships are usually announced over the mailing list or the **slack channel**. Drop me an email if want the link for the slack channel.

----

*Note:* The FOSSEE Animations website ([animations.fossee.in](animations.fossee.in)) will remain as is for the time being but will not take any new contributions.


